yes this is part 3 animation how to
finish it up pretty school you've done
the front and the inside and what I did
well better camera wasn't mine was I I
did it with pen do you think that I
outlines a sharpie yeah but i did it
with pen i wrote it with package and I
outlined it in sharpie and then um okay
still basically of course you can just
put it inside the way it fits and for
the back really what you see on the back
of your guests when the main things
would be the battery this card hole and
we on but I don't know my dog pic so I'm
just going to draw this and the car
holder like like that then drop it ends
at the top so you're going to take it
and you're going to draw an oval at the
top like you did on the front like no no
it's just like a line and draw two
little ovals like sticking out with that
okay it's basically like that and then
the battery can really beat whatever way
you want it do not copy off me because I
always do it so bad right so what you
doing okay someone's actually turning
out better than it normally does I have
to say thank you and I guess I'm just
going to draw the pic whole thing okay
so them there's the back and that's
really all you need to do you like
Nintendo the ass whatever you want to do
like I get on the back of this one right
I'm probably going to do with this one
yeah I think I do it on the back of that
one and now you're going to do is you're
going to glue to and it's cards together
three more doing it before us because it
was a great blood through flood through
there but it's not going to bleep
they're here that's good you blow it up
I'm ugly okay I shouldn't make sure I
get this right sometimes I don't
there's a grand way okay so that is how
you make any ideas or your don't and
watching